To start using Teachable Machine:
Navigate to: https://teachablemachine.withgoogle.com/
Click Get Started in the upper right-hand corner
Click Image Project
Click "Add a class" and label the class ie: "Parking Spot Available". 
Click "Add a class" again and label the class something different ie: "Parking Lot Full". 

To use "Webcam": 
Click "Webcam" in each of the classes and take photos that would fit in the selected class. For this, it is best to take many photos of the same thing, with slight variations for instance moving toy cars very slightly and taking another photo. Try to start with 200+ photos for each class.

To use "Upload":
Click "Webcam" in each of the classes then select the photos that fit in that class.

Once you have at least 200 photos for each class (and at least two classes), click "Train Model". There are different settings you can change, but avoid doing that. 

Next, preview the model but using a webcam and testing if the model works. Test variations. Use a spreadsheet and give each variation a score out of 10 based on how confident your model is that it got the correct answer (if that answer is correct)

To save your project:
Click on the 3 horizontal bars in the top lefthand corner.
Click "Save project to Drive"
Name your project.

To open saved project:
Navigate to: https://teachablemachine.withgoogle.com/
Click Get Started in the upper right-hand corner
Click "Open an existing project from Drive." and select your project.
